hundreds of people have gathered at a
border crossing between Gaza and Egypt
they made it to the Rafer Crossing after
Israel announced an ultimatum for more
than 1 million Palestinians in Northern
parts of Gaza to leave it's not clear
when or if Egypt will allow them to
cross the
borderan Unice in southern Gaza is one
of the places where people in the north
have been told to head for but Israeli
air strikes have been pounding
residential buildings there too at least
one Palestinian was killed in several
injured in an attack only hours
ago TK Abu aom joins us live from Gaza
now and TK you've been at the Rafa
Crossing earlier can you just tell us
what the situation was like
there well the situation in Rafa
Crossing is a little bit complex uh
since uh today's early hours uh
different International embassies around
the globe had contacted and made
different coordinations with the Israel
occupation forces and in order to afford
a proper safe line uh for the citizens
in order to evacuate from the Gaza Strip
they generally uh followed certain route
certain locations in order to get an
access to raer Crossing border as they
have arrived to the crossing uh they
have been informed by the Egyptian site
that their departure from the Gaza Strip
has been postponed for uh for some
reasons that their departure must be
associated with the entry of
humanitarian aids for the Gaza Strip as
you can now talk about the humanitarian
situation inside the Gaza Strip as you
can see right now on the background that
we have uh hundreds of peoples now
inside anaser medical complex uh this
place is considered to be one of the uh
biggest medical complex in the uh city
of kanun uh now this uh particular place
has been filled with people who have
evacuated the houses as you can see
right now they are just are sitting uh
on the ground they have no shelter they
have no water sources even they have no
food they just they are just only
searching for basic uh needs of items
for their lives and it's also important
to say that those people have be their
houses have been uh evacuated after
being informed from the occupation
forces to uh Evacuate the house they
have no safe shelters to be in uh the
schools that are affiliated to the
United Nations are full of displaced
people who were evacuated from the
northern and Eastern areas of the Gaza
Strip so they are residing inside
medical complex they are waiting for
more uh let's say humanitarian
intervention that might rescue their
conditions and even their existence
inside the hospital can sometimes impact
negatively on the performance of the
medical staffs in terms of uh providing
treatment for the injured people and
even in transferring and moving victims
inside the uh Gaza Strip uh the
situation in the Gaza Strip will get in
more uh deterioration as the
humanitarian crisis really uh exate uh
now in the Gaza Strip there is no fuel
no water sources uh even the uh the
water that have an access to that has an
access to Palestinian residential houses
that still not yet bombarded is a
threatened to be run out in the next
hours okay thank you so much TK that is
ter Abu is zo for us in Gaza